docs: rework mdbook (#1036)
coreos/clair: Documentation/reference/indexer.md

# Indexer

> When ClairV4 is running in Indexer mode its is responsible for receiving Manifests and generating IndexReports. An IndexReport is an intermediate representation of a container's content and is used to discovery vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Clair is running in Indexer mode, it is responsible for receiving Manifests and generating IndexReports. An IndexReport is an intermediate representation of a manifest's content and is used to discover vulnerabilities.
```
